this is the the big one is immigration
to me because immigration to me when
people take a hard line one way or the
other I'm always like hmm man this is a
weird one immigration is a weird one you
don't want to diminish the quality of
life for everyone in the country but you
don't want not let people in because
that's what the country is based on and
you see these fenced in people and where
is it is it El Paso there was something
that they had on the news or they showed
all these people fenced in and what
looks like a dog kennel and these these
people that snuck across the border and
they captured them something put them in
this fucking outdoor fenced in cage like
dude we don't even do that to violent
murderers you know you have a violent
murderer who's due process yeah well not
just due process you put him in a prison
man right like they don't have the
facilities to do what they're doing
right and then people like will this
shouldn't be coming across the border
like I guess so but wouldn't you I'm
also like wouldn't you who cares
like I I understand yes there is sort of
uh but anybody who is up in arms about
immigrants coming into this country most
of the time they're also on one side of
the political spectrum on every other
issue it's not like it's an independent
thought it's like they and everybody
that's on both sides you know and you
know I just sort of I'm in a I have my
own personal life philosophy where I'm
not gonna solve the immigration issue
and to be honest as we're talking about
I'm going I don't know I I have no idea
what the answer is here people are
obsessed with being right people always
want to have an answer I don't fucking
know but I do know that I have things in
my life that you know I can fix I know
there are you know the things about my
personality and things about me in my
own you know my own issues that I need
to fix so I'll sort of start there you
know and I think more people need to
kind of you know well before they
started espousing opinions look at
themselves and figure out why they're
coming up with these opinions that were
saying yeah just sort of um is like it
pulls on your humanity you see a bunch
of people caged in with their children
and in some fenced-in area that
literally looks like a dog kennel yeah
this is crazy
well my thing I don't care about that I
just I don't care about people coming in
the country and going in these imaginary
lines I you know it's just sort of like
yeah I think it's I I think as a human
is hard to see that and I look away from
shit like that a lot
you know I don't look III don't like
looking at videos like that I don't like
watching sad things I don't watch any
gore shit I didn't watch the the video
of the dude that moved down those people
in New Zealand you know yeah it is a sad
thing and I really don't know the
solution look at this shit
it says they treat us like we're animals
holding pen for migrant families in El
Paso shut down shut down overnight I
guess okay because people found out
about it it's crazy look at that that's
that's a dog kennel it means people just
sitting around waiting for what I mean
that if that was murderers they wouldn't
do so let's say you're the guy in charge
though what do you do what would you I
mean me I would suppose a good question
don't go let it man but I don't know if
that's the right answer I don't know if
it's the answer to either but I
guarantee you all of our your relatives
came from another country my relatives
all came from another country they I'm
third-generation they knew that Europe
sucked
they knew that Italy sucked and so
they're like look I mean no disrespect
Italy but they decided I gotta get the
fuck out of here and they got on a boat
all of them grandparents on both sides
they both came over here when they were
kids is Italy suck seems awesome
everything I've seen about it grateful
well the food is fantastic
when I talked to a guy there those
trying to get an understanding cuz he
wanted his kids to go to college in
America anybody was basically saying was
there was just not enough opportunity
and in Italy and that he wanted his son
to have more opportunity and so he's
driving a cab actually they're off speak
two languages they all speak perfect
English like a good percentage of it
yeah they're you know it's a smart place
a lot of in the art is insane when
you're when you're going through Rome
and you go through the Vatican and you
see their billions of dollars literally
billions of dollars in artwork you're
like holy shit this is what a crazy
culture yeah this culture all they
wanted to do was create beautiful
architecture create beautiful art make
wine made great food have sex fuck like
crazy and kind of take over the world I
mean they took over the world for a
long-ass time